# $Id:macros.txt 1422 2007-07-26 09:59:20Z jhurst $
# John Hurst (jbhurst@attglobal.net)
# 2007-05-31

# This file defines a category for each SlickEdit command.
# It is used by wrox_make_emulations.
#
__ex_rewind                                 Unknown
_mouse_move                                 Unknown
_on_select                                  Unknown
abort                                       Miscellaneous
activate_autos                              Debugging
activate_bookmarks                          Toolbars
activate_breakpoints                        Debugging
activate_build                              Toolbars
activate_call_stack                         Toolbars
activate_defs                               Toolbars
activate_deltasave                          Toolbars
activate_exceptions                         Debugging
activate_files                              Toolbars
activate_files_files                        Toolbars
activate_files_project                      Toolbars
activate_files_workspace                    Toolbars
activate_find_symbol                        Toolbars
activate_ftp                                Toolbars
activate_locals                             Debugging
activate_members                            Debugging
activate_memory                             Debugging
activate_open                               Toolbars
activate_output                             Toolbars
activate_output_toolbar                     Toolbars
activate_preview                            Toolbars
activate_project_classes                    Toolbars
activate_project_files                      Toolbars
activate_project_toolbar                    Toolbars
activate_projects                           Toolbars
activate_references                         Toolbars
activate_regex_evaluator                    Toolbars
activate_registers                          Debugging
activate_search                             Toolbars
activate_symbols_browser                    Toolbars
activate_tag_properties_toolbar             Toolbars
activate_tbclass                            Toolbars
activate_threads                            Debugging
activate_variables                          Debugging
activate_watch                              Debugging
adjust_block_selection                      Editing
alias_cd                                    Navigation
alt_argument                                Special
alt_bookmark                                Navigation
alt_gtbookmark                              Navigation
api_index                                   Miscellaneous
append_cut                                  Editing
append_next_cut                             Editing
append_to_clipboard                         Editing
argument                                    Special
back                                        Navigation
bbedit_center_of_window                     Navigation
bbedit_file_new_from_clipboard              File
bbedit_file_new_from_selection              File
bbedit_file_new_html                        File
bbedit_paste_previous_clipbd                Editing
beautify                                    Editing
beautify_selection                          Editing
begin_line                                  Navigation
begin_line_text_toggle                      Navigation
begin_select                                Navigation
begin_window                                Navigation
bind_to_key                                 Miscellaneous
bottom_of_buffer                            Navigation
bottom_of_window                            Navigation
brief_delete                                Editing
brief_end                                   Navigation
brief_home                                  Navigation
brief_iselect_char                          Editing
brief_paste                                 Editing
brief_save                                  File
brief_select_block                          Editing
brief_select_char                           Editing
brief_select_line                           Editing
brief_tab                                   Editing
cap_word                                    Editing
cap_selection                               Editing
case_indirect                               Miscellaneous
case_toggle                                 Editing
cbacktab                                    Editing
center_line                                 Editing
center_paragraph                            Miscellaneous
center_within_margins                       Editing
change_window                               Window
clear_bookmarks                             Navigation
close_all                                   File
close_buffer                                File
close_window                                Window
cmdline_toggle                              Miscellaneous
codehelp_complete                           Editing
codewright_abort                            Miscellaneous
collapse_to_definitions                     Miscellaneous
comment                                     Editing
comment_erase                               Editing
comment_lines                               Editing
compare                                     Miscellaneous
complete_more                               Editing
complete_next                               Editing
complete_prev                               Editing
config                                      Miscellaneous
context_menu                                Miscellaneous
copy_region                                 Editing
copy_to_clipboard                           Editing
copy_to_cursor                              Editing
copy_to_file                                File
copy_word                                   Editing
count_lines_region                          Miscellaneous
create_tile                                 Window
ctab                                        Editing
ctrl_prefix                                 Special
cua_select                                  Special
cursor_down                                 Navigation
cursor_error                                Navigation
cursor_left                                 Navigation
cursor_right                                Navigation
cursor_up                                   Navigation
cut                                         Editing
cut_code_block                              Editing
cut_end_line                                Editing
cut_level                                   Editing
cut_line                                    Editing
cut_prev_level                              Editing
cut_prev_word                               Editing
cut_region                                  Editing
cut_sentence                                Editing
cut_word                                    Editing
cw_find_associated_file                     File
debug_add_watch                             Debugging
debug_breakpoints                           Debugging
debug_clear_all_breakpoints                 Debugging
debug_go                                    Debugging
debug_restart                               Debugging
debug_run_to_cursor                         Debugging
debug_show_next_statement                   Debugging
debug_step_instr                            Debugging
debug_step_into                             Debugging
debug_step_out                              Debugging
debug_step_over                             Debugging
debug_stop                                  Debugging
debug_suspend                               Debugging
debug_toggle_breakpoint                     Debugging
debug_toggle_breakpoint_enabled             Debugging
delete_char                                 Editing
delete_end_line                             Editing
delete_line                                 Editing
delete_prev_word                            Editing
delete_selection                            Editing
delete_space                                Editing
delete_tile                                 Editing
delete_word                                 Editing
deselect                                    Editing
diff                                        Miscellaneous
dos                                         Miscellaneous
edit                                        File
edit_associated_file                        File
emacs_paste                                 Editing
emacs_scroll_down                           Navigation
emacs_scroll_up                             Navigation
emacs_select_block                          Editing
emacs_select_char                           Editing
end_line                                    Navigation
end_next_window                             Navigation
end_recording                               Macro
end_select                                  Navigation
end_window                                  Navigation
esc_alt_prefix                              Special
ex_prev_edit                                Special
execute_last_macro_key                      Macro
execute_selection                           Miscellaneous
expand_alias                                Miscellaneous
expand_extension_alias                      Miscellaneous
expand_window                               Window
fast_scroll                                 Navigation
file                                        File
fill_selection                              Editing
find_buffer                                 Navigation
find_delimiter                              Navigation
find_in_files                               Search
find_matching_paren                         Navigation
find_next                                   Search
find_prev                                   Search
find_tag                                    Navigation
first_non_blank                             Navigation
format_selection                            Miscellaneous
forward                                     Navigation
fullscreen                                  Window
function_argument_help                      Miscellaneous
get                                         File
gnu_cmd_argument                            Special
gnu_delete_space                            Editing
gnu_filter                                  Miscellaneous
gnu_help                                    Miscellaneous
goto_bookmark                               Navigation
goto_line                                   Navigation
goto_url                                    Miscellaneous
gui_bind_to_key                             Miscellaneous
gui_cd                                      File
gui_copy_to_file                            File
gui_find                                    Search
gui_find_backward                           Search
gui_find_backward_regex                     Search
gui_find_regex                              Search
gui_goto                                    Navigation
gui_goto_line                               Navigation
gui_insert_file                             File
gui_load                                    File
gui_open                                    File
gui_print                                   File
gui_replace                                 Search
gui_replace_backward                        Search
gui_replace_regex                           Search
gui_save_macro                              Miscellaneous
gui_set_var                                 Miscellaneous
gui_unload                                  Macro
gui_write_selection                         File
help                                        Miscellaneous
hex                                         Miscellaneous
hide_selection                              Miscellaneous
home_next_window                            Navigation
hsplit_window                               Window
html_preview                                Miscellaneous
i_search                                    Search
iconize_all                                 Window
iconize_window                              Window
indent_previous                             Editing
indent_region                               Editing
indent_selection                            Editing
insert_blankline_above                      Editing
insert_blankline_below                      Editing
insert_toggle                               Editing
ispf_do_lc                                  Miscellaneous
ispf_down                                   Navigation
ispf_end                                    Navigation
ispf_enter                                  Miscellaneous
ispf_rchange                                Search
ispf_retrieve                               Editing
ispf_retrieve_back                          Editing
ispf_rfind                                  Search
ispf_split_insert_line                      Editing
ispf_swap                                   Editing
ispf_up                                     Navigation
javadoc_editor                              Miscellaneous
join_line                                   Editing
keyin_brace                                 Editing
keyin_buf_name                              Editing
keyin_enter                                 Editing
keyin_match_paren                           Editing
keyin_space                                 Editing
kill_mark                                   Editing
last_macro                                  Macro
left_side_of_window                         Navigation
line_to_bottom                              Navigation
line_to_top                                 Navigation
linewrap_delete_char                        Editing
linewrap_rubout                             Editing
list_buffers                                Miscellaneous
list_clipboards                             Miscellaneous
list_errors                                 Navigation
list_macros                                 Miscellaneous
list_symbols                                Editing
list_tags                                   Navigation
load                                        Macro
lowcase_selection                           Editing
lowcase_word                                Editing
macos_activate_build_output_toolbar         Miscellaneous
macos_find_in_files                         Search
macos_font_config                           Miscellaneous
macos_show_colors                           Miscellaneous
mark_beginning_of_buffer                    Editing
mark_end_of_buffer                          Editing
maximize_mdi                                Window
maybe_active_search_hist_list               Miscellaneous
maybe_complete                              Editing
maybe_list_matches                          Editing
maybe_split_insert_line                     Editing
minmdi                                      Window
modify_toggle                               Miscellaneous
mou_click                                   Mouse
mou_click_copy                              Mouse
mou_click_menu_block                        Mouse
mou_copy_to_cursor                          Mouse
mou_extend_selection                        Mouse
mou_gnu_track_insert                        Mouse
mou_move_to_cursor                          Mouse
mou_paste                                   Mouse
mou_select_line                             Mouse
mou_select_word                             Mouse
move_edge                                   Window
move_mdi                                    Window
move_text_backtab                           Editing
move_text_tab                               Editing
move_to_cursor                              Editing
move_window                                 Window
move_window_line                            Navigation
my_refresh                                  Unknown
name                                        File
new                                         File
new_file                                    File
next_bookmark                               Navigation
next_buffer                                 Navigation
next_condition                              Navigation
next_doc                                    Navigation
next_error                                  Navigation
next_hotspot                                Navigation
next_level                                  Navigation
next_paragraph                              Navigation
next_sentence                               Navigation
next_tag                                    Navigation
next_window                                 Navigation
next_word                                   Navigation
nosplit_insert_line                         Editing
nosplit_insert_line_above                   Editing
nothing                                     Miscellaneous
overlay_block_selection                     Editing
page_down                                   Navigation
page_down_next_window                       Navigation
page_left                                   Navigation
page_right                                  Navigation
page_up                                     Navigation
page_up_next_window                         Navigation
paste                                       Editing
paste_replace_word                          Editing
pause_recording                             Macro
plusminus                                   Miscellaneous
pop_bookmark                                Navigation
prev_bookmark                               Navigation
prev_buffer                                 Navigation
prev_condition                              Navigation
prev_doc                                    Navigation
prev_error                                  Navigation
prev_hotspot                                Navigation
prev_level                                  Navigation
prev_paragraph                              Navigation
prev_sentence                               Navigation
prev_tag                                    Navigation
prev_window                                 Navigation
prev_word                                   Navigation
print_selection                             File
project_add_file                            Project
project_build                               Project
project_clean                               Project
project_compile                             Project
project_debug                               Project
project_edit                                Project
project_execute                             Project
project_run                                 Project
prompt_cd                                   File
prompt_load                                 File
push_ref                                    Navigation
push_tag                                    Navigation
query_replace                               Search
quick_search                                Search
quit                                        File
quote_key                                   Miscellaneous
re_toggle                                   Search
record_macro_end_execute                    Macro
record_macro_toggle                         Macro
redo                                        Editing
reflow_paragraph                            Editing
reflow_selection                            Editing
regex_replace                               Search
regex_search                                Search
replace_in_files                            Search
replace_string                              Search
restore_mdi                                 Window
resume                                      Miscellaneous
resync                                      Miscellaneous
reverse_i_search                            Search
reverse_regex_search                        Search
rexx_star                                   Special
right_side_of_window                        Navigation
root_keydef                                 Special
rubout                                      Editing
safe_exit                                   File
save                                        File
save_all                                    File
save_as                                     File
save_config                                 File
save_exit                                   File
save_macro                                  Macro
scroll_bottom                               Navigation
scroll_down                                 Navigation
scroll_left                                 Navigation
scroll_line_down                            Navigation
scroll_line_up                              Navigation
scroll_page_down                            Navigation
scroll_page_up                              Navigation
scroll_right                                Navigation
scroll_top                                  Navigation
scroll_up                                   Navigation
search_again                                Search
search_backward                             Search
search_forward                              Search
select_all                                  Editing
select_block                                Editing
select_char                                 Editing
select_line                                 Editing
select_matching_brace                       Editing
select_next_condition                       Editing
select_next_word                            Editing
select_next_word                            Editing
select_paragraph                            Editing
select_paren_block                          Editing
select_prev_condition                       Editing
select_whole_word                           Editing
set_bookmark                                Navigation
set_find                                    Search
set_next_error                              Navigation
set_var                                     Miscellaneous
shell_command                               Miscellaneous
shift_selection_left                        Editing
shift_selection_right                       Editing
show_all                                    Miscellaneous
show_matching_paren                         Editing
show_selection                              Miscellaneous
show_procs                                  Editing
shrink_window                               Window
size_mdi                                    Window
size_window                                 Window
softwrap_toggle                             Miscellaneous
spell_check                                 Miscellaneous
spell_check_word                            Miscellaneous
split_insert_line                           Editing
split_line                                  Editing
start_process                               Miscellaneous
start_recording                             Macro
stop_process                                Miscellaneous
toggle_all_outlining                        Miscellaneous
toggle_bookmark                             Navigation
toggle_so_backwards                         Search
toggle_so_matchcase                         Search
toggle_so_regex                             Search
top_of_buffer                               Navigation
top_of_window                               Navigation
translate_again                             Search
translate_backward                          Search
translate_forward                           Search
transpose_chars                             Editing
transpose_lines                             Editing
transpose_words                             Editing
undo                                        Editing
undo_cursor                                 Editing
unload                                      File
unsurround                                  Editing
upcase_selection                            Editing
upcase_word                                 Editing
version                                     Miscellaneous
vi_backspace                                Editing
vi_escape                                   Editing
vi_maybe_keyin_match_paren                  Editing
vi_next_line                                Navigation
vi_page_down                                Navigation
vi_page_up                                  Navigation
vi_pbacktab                                 Editing
vi_prev_line                                Navigation
vi_ptab                                     Editing
vi_repeat_last_insert                       Editing
vi_restart_insertion                        Editing
vi_restart_word                             Editing
vi_status                                   Miscellaneous
view_specialchars_toggle                    Miscellaneous
view_whitespace_toggle                      Miscellaneous
wh                                          Miscellaneous
wh2                                         Miscellaneous
what_is                                     Miscellaneous
window_above                                Window
window_below                                Window
window_left                                 Window
window_right                                Window
workspace_close                             Project
workspace_new                               Project
workspace_new_project                       Project
workspace_open                              Project
xcode_activate_project_classes              Toolbars
xcode_activate_project_toolbar              Toolbars
xcode_enter                                 Editing
xcode_font_config                           Miscellaneous
xcode_project_add_files                     Project
zap_to_char                                 Editing
zoom_window                                 Window
